let's turn now to the war on Gaza the
Israeli military is targeting all
corners of the strip as the Civ civilian
casualties Mount from its months long
[Music]
bombardment these were the scenes in the
Al B refugee camp in De albala on Monday
Israeli fighter jets struck an apartment
block killing at least six
Palestinians well Israel's attacks have
continued into a second day with at
least three people killed in just the
past few hours let's go to TK aboo he
joins us now live from darab Bala in
central Gaza so let's start with the
situation on the ground TK where are we
in terms of the
fighting well the main focus of the
Israeli latest attacks is completely on
the DAR balah town where we are right
now as the Israeli fighter jets have
targeted a gathering of Palestinians
close to one of the evacuation centers
alongside with a civil car in the same
location where at least seven
Palestinians have been reported killed
alongside with dozens of injuries that
arrived to Al AA hospital with
completely critical conditions as the
vast majority of victims and even
wounded people are completely young
children as the attack was carried out
in one of the most densely populated
areas in der band we all know that
within the latest evacuation waves from
Rafa into Al maasi and to Dar B der bah
now is one of the most densely populated
areas across this trip it means that any
kind of attack could be carried out on
darl bah will bring a devastating
consequences on the humanitarian loss
among civilians and generally not only
darl bah was was that was targeted in
the course of the past couple of hours
but also different attacks were carried
out in alage refugee camp were three
Palestinians earlier today have been
killed alongside with two others in
anarat refugee camp but despite all of
that we can continue to hear the sound
of the heavy artillery shelling of the
Norther part of anat and the ongoing
constant Naval gun fire by the is
warships that contined to bound the
coastal line of darl balah and AA town
as we could clearly see today disturbing
scenes and images for bodies and even
fleshes of bodies that is stuck on the
vehicles that broke the victims to al-
AKA hospital as the ambulances alongside
with donkey Carters started to bring the
victims to Al AA hospital and the
wounded people in order to get medical
treatment there is a state of turmoil
and Chaos across this trip and in
particular in the middle area where
Palestinians have been taught to seek
refuge and T I believe you've been
talking to children and finding out
their stories and how they've been
coping uh with the situation of the last
eight months uh what have they been
telling
you well uh War uh War for children is a
complete nightmare those children
children instead of getting education
and and instead of playing in the
kindergartens and in the public parks
the situation for them turned upside
down as they have been subjected to the
Israeli bombardment for more than 8
months right now despite this fact also
at least 15,000 Palestinian children
have been killed so far and there are
still hundreds messing under the ruffle
of the destroyed buildings in the North
Central and even Southern parts of the
Gaza Strip as civil defense crews are
unable to recover them from under the
remnants of these shattered buildings
but for them as I've been talking to
them they are completely suffering from
the entire who as they saying that
instead of getting education we are now
able to differentiate between the kinds
of rockets and missiles that continue to
hit Gaza thread this attack has been
carried out by a drone and this is what
by the fighting jet so this is the Grim
reality for Palestinian children they
have been enduring an unbearable level
of Bain as they have been losing their
their friends their beloved ones and
even in in certain cases the parents as
thousands of Palestinian children turn
to be orphaned despite this they are
suffering right now from high rates of
malnutrition in terms of the ongoing
closure of borders and the prevention of
aid supplies entry to the territory and
mainly there are TR asking about the
time this nightmare will come to an
end okay thank you for that t abom there
for us in Dar
alala make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler